[DOC] Add an example for Timelion yaxis function (#61508)
elastic/kibana: docs/visualize/timelion.asciidoc

{nbsp}

For additional information on Timelion conditional capabilities, go to https://www.elastic.co/blog/timeseries-if-then-else-with-timelion[I have but one .condition()].

[float]
[[customizing-data-series-y-axis]]

> ==== Customize data series Y axis

Reviewer: Global change:

`Y axis` > `y-axis`

> ==== Customize data series Y axis

Reviewer: Since all visualizations require a data series, could you simplify this to:

Customize the y-axis

> ==== Customize data series Y axis

Author: ```suggestion
==== Customize data series y-axis
```

> ==== Customize data series Y axis

Author: ```suggestion
==== Customize the y-axis
```

> It is possible to use different Y axis scales and ranges.

Reviewer: I would plug in the data series part here. For example:

Use different y-axis scales and ranges for your data series.

> It is possible to use different Y axis scales and ranges.

Author: ```suggestion
Use different y-axis scales and ranges for your data series.
```

> The `.yaxis()` function allows the following parameters:

Reviewer: `allows` > `supports`

> The `.yaxis()` function allows the following parameters:

Author: ```suggestion
The `.yaxis()` function supports the following parameters:
```

[horizontal]

> yaxis :: The numbered y-axis to plot this series on, eg .yaxis(2) for a 2nd y-axis.

Reviewer: `2nd` > `second`

> yaxis :: The numbered y-axis to plot this series on, eg .yaxis(2) for a 2nd y-axis.

Author: ```suggestion
yaxis :: The numbered y-axis to plot this series on, eg .yaxis(2) for a second y-axis.
```

> yaxis :: The numbered y-axis to plot this series on, eg .yaxis(2) for a 2nd y-axis.

Author: ```suggestion
yaxis :: The numbered y-axis to plot this series on, eg .yaxis(2) for a second y-axis.
```

> min :: Min value for y-axis range

Reviewer: `Min` > `Minimum`

> min :: Min value for y-axis range

Author: ```suggestion
min :: Minimum value for y-axis range
```

> max :: Max value for y-axis range

Reviewer: `max` > `Maximum`

> max :: Max value for y-axis range

Author: ```suggestion
max :: Maximum value for y-axis range
```

position :: `left` or `right`  
label :: Label for axis  
color :: Color of axis label

> units :: The function to use for formatting y-axis labels. One of: `bits`, `bits/s`, `bytes`, `bytes/s`, `currency(:ISO 4217 currency code)`, `percent`, `custom(:prefix:suffix)`

Reviewer: `One of` > `For example`

Author: I used "one of" because it seems there is a limited set of values allowed. WDYT?

tickDecimals :: Tick decimal precision

Example:

[source,text]
----------------------------------
.es(index= kibana_sample_data_logs,
    timefield='@timestamp',
    metric='avg:bytes')
  .label('Average Bytes for request')
  .title('Memory consumption over time in bytes').yaxis(1,units=bytes,position=left), <1>
.es(index= kibana_sample_data_logs,
    timefield='@timestamp',
    metric=avg:machine.ram)
  .label('Average Machine RAM amount').yaxis(2,units=bytes,position=right) <2>
----------------------------------

> <1> `.yaxis(1,units=bytes,position=left)` allows to set a first Y axis for the first series, changing the units, on the left

Reviewer: To simplify this, would it make sense to change it to:

`.yaxis(1,units=bytes,position=left)` sets the first y-axis for the first data series, and changes the units on the left

Author: Thank you @KOTungseth

> <1> `.yaxis(1,units=bytes,position=left)` allows to set a first Y axis for the first series, changing the units, on the left

Author: ```suggestion
<1> `.yaxis(1,units=bytes,position=left)` sets the first y-axis for the first data series, and changes the units on the left
```
